Now one final point to think about when you are going to go for paid advertising. And the idea is that
you're going to pay for adverts and Apple is still taking 30 percent cut of whatever it is that you
make on the App Store.
Now here's one weird trick where you can claw back more money from Apple. And this is by joining the
iTunes affiliate program. And the idea is that if you are going to pay for adverts that direct people
towards iTunes to download your app, you can earn a commission for that purchase.
So as an iTunes affiliate, you'll get 7 percent of the revenue that Apple makes on that app downloads.
So that basically means that you can actually claw back some of that 30 percent that you're paying Apple
by using your iTunes affiliate account.
Now the other thing that's really cool about the affiliate program is that you'll commission applies
to a full 24 hours.
So say if I share an iTunes affiliate link with Bob and Bob goes on to iTunes and sees my app but doesn't
want to download it.
Instead he goes and downloads Clash of Clans and starts paying Clash of Clans a lot of money.
As long as that happened within 24 hours of clicking on my affiliate link, then I still earn commission
on that purchase or whatever purchases he makes.
So it's well worth signing up too.
Now unfortunately for the Google Play store even though they've said that they are planning for something
similar to this, it has yet to materialize.
So unfortunately this is only a solution for the Apple App Store.